.NetFramework: is a software component that runs on windows operating system. 
- It provides Tools, Libraries that enable software developers to build applications faster and easier. RAD tool

Architecture of .Net Framework (CLS, FCL,CLR, Tools)

Points to remember:
 1. IL(intermediate Language) is also called as MSIL/CIL, Managed Code
 2. Any Dotnet Application will be of either and .exe Assembly or .dll asembly
    - An sssembly is a fundamental unit of deployment, version control, reuse and security for a .net application
    - Assembly contains PE header, CLR Header, Manifest and IL
    - Manifest files contain metatdata(data about data)
    - Can be either private or public (GAC - Global Assembly Cache)
    
Visual Studio - IDE( Integrated Developement Environment)
                Intellisense


www.amazon.in      ---- IP address  (192.162.100.01)

                                    (192.162.20.34)

Domain           DNS    Physical machine


C# - It is a modern general purpose object oriented programming language developed by Microsoft
   - Anders Hejlsberg and his team during development of .Net Framework

Namespace : A logical way to organise our programs
            It is a collection of Classes, Interfaces, Delegates, Events, Structures, Enims and other namespace also.

OOPS : Is basically an Application Design architecture

       Exceution code has to be inside a method/function, which is inside a class

Class: Is a Blueprint that contains fields(datamembers/attributes) and methods (functions that can act on the data)
     

Object : an instance of a class. That has clear descriptive features and functionalities(Adjectives and Verbs)
          That describes the data behaviours and the state 

create table tablename(Eid int, ename varchar(40),dob date,gender char(1) )

Data Types : Are basically either 
1. ValueTypes : All Primitive/Integral/Fundamental/Systemic (char,int,float,long,short,byte,decimal,double)
                Value types store data directly
                Value types are stored in stack memory

2. Reference Types : All objects of class,interface,delegate,Arrays etc 
                     Reference types do not contain data directly, instead, they refer to the memory location where the data is
                     Reference Types are stored in heap memory

Literals : String , Character, Integer, Real Literals,Null , Boolean 

Integer Literal: 1234
Character 'a'
string "esfdghfh"
Real 34.56
null : missing / unknown 
boolean : true/false


Conversion of Datatypes :

1. Implicit : smaller type is put into a larger/bigger type
2. Explicit : a bigger type is put into a smaller type

     Typecasting  or conversion functions

Converting a value type to a reference type : Boxing
Converting a Reference type to a value type : UnBoxing

a++ = a+1; unary

a+b = binary operator

a=b?true:false - ternary operator




